# Media download and streaming

__downloader of videos from YouTube and other sites__

```

youtube-dl is a small command-line program to download videos from
YouTube.com and other sites that don't provide direct links to the
videos served.

youtube-dl allows the user, among other things, to choose a specific video
quality to download (if available) or let the program automatically
determine the best (or worst) quality video to grab. It supports
downloading entire playlists and all videos from a given user.

Currently supported sites (or features of sites) are:

1tv, 1up.com, 20min, 220.ro, 22tracks:genre, 22tracks:track, 24video, 3sat,
4tube, 56.com, 5min, 8tracks, 91porn, 9gag, abc.net.au, Abc7News,
AcademicEarth:Course, acast, acast:channel, AddAnime, AdobeTV,
AdobeTVChannel, AdobeTVShow, AdobeTVVideo, AdultSwim, aenetworks,
Aftonbladet, AirMozilla, AlJazeera, Allocine, AlphaPorno, AnimeOnDemand,
anitube.se, AnySex, Aparat, AppleConnect, AppleDaily, appletrailers,
appletrailers:section, archive.org, ARD, ARD:mediathek, ARD:mediathek,
arte.tv, arte.tv:+7, arte.tv:cinema, arte.tv:concert, arte.tv:creative,
arte.tv:ddc, arte.tv:embed, arte.tv:future, arte.tv:magazine, AtresPlayer,
ATTTechChannel, AudiMedia, audiomack, audiomack:album, Azubu, AzubuLive,
BaiduVideo, bambuser, bambuser:channel, Bandcamp, Bandcamp:album, bbc,
bbc.co.uk, bbc.co.uk:article, BeatportPro, Beeg, BehindKink, Bet, Bigflix,
Bild, BiliBili, BleacherReport, BleacherReportCMS, blinkx, Bloomberg, Bpb,
BR, Break, brightcove:legacy, brightcove:new, bt:article, bt:vestlendingen,
BuzzFeed, BYUtv, Camdemy, CamdemyFolder, canalc2.tv, Canalplus, Canvas,
CBC, CBCPlayer, CBS, CBSNews, CBSNewsLiveVideo, CBSSports, CeskaTelevize,
channel9, Chaturbate, Chilloutzone, chirbit, chirbit:profile, Cinchcast,
Cinemassacre, Clipfish, cliphunter, Clipsyndicate, cloudtime, Cloudy,
Clubic, Clyp, cmt.com, CNET, CNN, CNNArticle, CNNBlogs, CollegeHumor,
CollegeRama, ComCarCoff, ComedyCentral, ComedyCentralShows, CommonMistakes,
CondeNast, Cracked, Crackle, Criterion, CrooksAndLiars, Crunchyroll,
crunchyroll:playlist, CSpan, CtsNews, culturebox.francetvinfo.fr,
CultureUnplugged, CWTV, dailymotion, dailymotion:playlist,
dailymotion:user, DailymotionCloud, daum.net, daum.net:clip,
daum.net:playlist, daum.net:user, DBTV, DCN, dcn:live, dcn:season,
dcn:video, DctpTv, DeezerPlaylist, defense.gouv.fr, democracynow, DHM,
Digiteka, Discovery, Dotsub, DouyuTV, DPlay, dramafever, dramafever:series,
DRBonanza, Dropbox, DrTuber, DRTV, Dump, Dumpert, dvtv, EaglePlatform,
EbaumsWorld, EchoMsk, eHow, Einthusan, eitb.tv, EllenTV, EllenTV:clips,
ElPais, Embedly, EMPFlix, Engadget, Eporner, EroProfile, Escapist, ESPN,
EsriVideo, Europa, EveryonesMixtape, exfm, ExpoTV, ExtremeTube, facebook,
facebook:post, faz.net, fc2, Fczenit, fernsehkritik.tv, Firstpost, FiveTV,
Flickr, Folketinget, FootyRoom, FOX, Foxgay, FoxNews, FoxSports,
france2.fr:generation-quoi, FranceCulture, FranceCultureEmission,
FranceInter, francetv, francetvinfo.fr, Freesound, freespeech.org,
FreeVideo, Funimation, FunnyOrDie, GameInformer, Gamekings, GameOne,
gameone:playlist, Gamersyde, GameSpot, GameStar, Gametrailers, Gazeta,
GDCVault, generic, Gfycat, GiantBomb, Giga, Glide, Globo, GloboArticle,
GodTube, GoldenMoustache, Golem, GoogleDrive, Goshgay, GPUTechConf,
Groupon, Hark, HearThisAt, Heise, HellPorno, Helsinki, HentaiStigma,
HistoricFilms, hitbox, hitbox:live, HornBunny, HotNewHipHop, HotStar,
Howcast, HowStuffWorks, HuffPost, Hypem, Iconosquare, ign.com, imdb,
imdb:list, Imgur, ImgurAlbum, Ina, Indavideo, IndavideoEmbed, InfoQ,
Instagram, instagram:user, InternetVideoArchive, IPrima, iqiyi, Ir90Tv,
ivi, ivi:compilation, ivideon, Izlesene, JadoreCettePub, JeuxVideo, Jove,
jpopsuki.tv, JWPlatform, Kaltura, KanalPlay, Kankan, Karaoketv,
KarriereVideos, keek, KeezMovies, KhanAcademy, KickStarter,
KonserthusetPlay, kontrtube, KrasView, Ku6, kuwo:album, kuwo:category,
kuwo:chart, kuwo:mv, kuwo:singer, kuwo:song, la7.tv, Laola1Tv, Lecture2Go,
Lemonde, Letv, LetvCloud, LetvPlaylist, LetvTv, Libsyn, life:embed,
lifenews, limelight, limelight:channel, limelight:channel_list, LiveLeak,
livestream, livestream:original, livestream:shortener, LnkGo, LoveHomePorn,
lrt.lt, lynda, lynda:course, m6, macgamestore, mailru, MakerTV, Malemotion,
MatchTV, MDR, media.ccc.de, metacafe, Metacritic, Mgoon, Minhateca,
MinistryGrid, miomio.tv, MiTele, mixcloud, MLB, MoeVideo, Mofosex,
Mojvideo, Moniker, mooshare, Morningstar, Motherless, Motorsport,
MovieClips, MovieFap, Moviezine, MPORA, MSNBC, MTV, mtv.de, mtviggy.com,
mtvservices:embedded, MuenchenTV, MusicPlayOn, muzu.tv, Mwave, MySpace,
MySpace:album, MySpass, Myvi, myvideo (CURRENTLY BROKEN), MyVidster,
n-tv.de, NationalGeographic, Naver, NBA, NBC, NBCNews, NBCSports,
NBCSportsVPlayer, ndr, ndr:embed, ndr:embed:base, NDTV, NerdCubedFeed,
Nerdist, netease:album, netease:djradio, netease:mv, netease:playlist,
netease:program, netease:singer, netease:song, Netzkino, Newgrounds,
Newstube, NextMedia, NextMediaActionNews, nextmovie.com, nfb, nfl.com,
nhl.com, nhl.com:news, nhl.com:videocenter, nick.com, niconico,
NiconicoPlaylist, njoy, njoy:embed, Noco, Normalboots, NosVideo, Nova,
novamov, nowness, nowness:playlist, nowness:series, NowTV (CURRENTLY
BROKEN), NowTVList, nowvideo, Noz, npo, npo.nl:live, npo.nl:radio,
npo.nl:radio:fragment, Npr, NRK, NRKPlaylist, NRKTV, ntv.ru, Nuvid,
NYTimes, NYTimesArticle, ocw.mit.edu, Odnoklassniki, OktoberfestTV,
on.aol.com, OnionStudios, Ooyala, OoyalaExternal, OraTV, orf:fm4, orf:iptv,
orf:oe1, orf:tvthek, pandora.tv, parliamentlive.tv, Patreon, pbs, pcmag,
Periscope, PhilharmonieDeParis, phoenix.de, Photobucket, Pinkbike,
Pladform, PlanetaPlay, play.fm, played.to, PlaysTV, Playtvak, Playvid,
Playwire, pluralsight, pluralsight:course, plus.google, pluzz.francetv.fr,
podomatic, PornHd, PornHub, PornHubPlaylist, PornHubUserVideos, Pornotube,
PornoVoisines, PornoXO, PrimeShareTV, PromptFile, prosiebensat1, Puls4,
Pyvideo, qqmusic, qqmusic:album, qqmusic:playlist, qqmusic:singer,
qqmusic:toplist, QuickVid, R7, radio.de, radiobremen, radiofrance,
RadioJavan, Rai, RaiTV, RBMARadio, RDS, RedTube, RegioTV, Restudy,
ReverbNation, Revision3, RingTV, RottenTomatoes, Roxwel, RTBF, rte,
rte:radio, rtl.nl, RTL2, RTP, RTS, rtve.es:alacarta, rtve.es:infantil,
rtve.es:live, RTVNH, RUHD, RulePorn, rutube, rutube:channel, rutube:embed,
rutube:movie, rutube:person, RUTV, Ruutu, safari, safari:course, Sandia,
Sapo, savefrom.net, SBS, schooltv, SciVee, screen.yahoo:search, Screencast,
ScreencastOMatic, ScreenJunkies, ScreenwaveMedia, SenateISVP, ServingSys,
Sexu, SexyKarma, Shahid, Shared, ShareSix, Sina, skynewsarabia:video,
skynewsarabia:video, Slideshare, Slutload, smotri, smotri:broadcast,
smotri:community, smotri:user, SnagFilms, SnagFilmsEmbed, Snotr, Sohu,
soundcloud, soundcloud:playlist, soundcloud:search, soundcloud:set,
soundcloud:user, soundgasm, soundgasm:profile, southpark.cc.com,
southpark.cc.com:espa?ol, southpark.de, southpark.nl, southparkstudios.dk,
Space, SpankBang, Spankwire, Spiegel, Spiegel:Article, Spiegeltv, Spike,
Sport5, SportBox, SportBoxEmbed, SportDeutschland, Sportschau, SRGSSR,
SRGSSRPlay, SSA, stanfordoc, Steam, Stitcher, streamcloud.eu, StreamCZ,
StreetVoice, SunPorno, SVT, SVTPlay, SWRMediathek, Syfy, SztvHu,
Tagesschau, Tapely, Tass, teachertube, teachertube:user:collection,
TeachingChannel, Teamcoco, TeamFour, TechTalks, techtv.mit.edu, ted,
Tele13, TeleBruxelles, Telecinco, Telegraaf, TeleMB, TeleTask, TenPlay,
TestURL, TF1, TheIntercept, TheOnion, ThePlatform, ThePlatformFeed,
TheSixtyOne, ThisAmericanLife, ThisAV, THVideo, THVideoPlaylist, tinypic,
tlc.de, TMZ, TMZArticle, TNAFlix, toggle, tou.tv, Toypics, ToypicsUser,
TrailerAddict (CURRENTLY BROKEN), Trilulilu, trollvids, TruTube, Tube8,
TubiTv, tudou, tudou:album, tudou:playlist, Tumblr, tunein:clip,
tunein:program, tunein:shortener, tunein:station, tunein:topic, Turbo,
Tutv, tv.dfb.de, TV2, TV2Article, TV4, TVC, TVCArticle, tvigle, tvland.com,
tvp.pl, tvp.pl:Series, TVPlay, Tweakers, twitch:bookmarks, twitch:chapter,
twitch:past_broadcasts, twitch:profile, twitch:stream, twitch:video,
twitch:vod, twitter, twitter:amplify, twitter:card, Ubu, udemy,
udemy:course, UDNEmbed, UnicodeBOM, Unistra, Urort, ustream,
ustream:channel, Varzesh3, Vbox7, VeeHD, Veoh, Vessel, Vesti, Vevo, VGTV,
vh1.com, Vice, Viddler, video.google:search, video.mit.edu, VideoDetective,
videofy.me, VideoMega (CURRENTLY BROKEN), videomore, videomore:season,
videomore:video, VideoPremium, VideoTt (CURRENTLY BROKEN), videoweed,
vidme, vidme:user, vidme:user:likes, Vidzi, vier, vier:videos, Viewster,
Viidea, viki, viki:channel, vimeo, vimeo:album, vimeo:channel, vimeo:group,
vimeo:likes, vimeo:review, vimeo:user, vimeo:watchlater, Vimple, Vine,
vine:user, vk, vk:uservideos, vlive, Vodlocker, VoiceRepublic, Vporn, vpro,
VRT, vube, VuClip, vulture.com, Walla, WashingtonPost, wat.tv,
WayOfTheMaster, WDR, wdr:mobile, WDRMaus, WebOfStories,
WebOfStoriesPlaylist, Weibo, WeiqiTV, wholecloud, Wimp, Wistia, WNL,
WorldStarHipHop, wrzuta.pl, WSJ, XBef, XboxClips, XFileShare, XHamster,
XHamsterEmbed, XMinus, XNXX, Xstream, XTube, XTubeUser, Xuite, XVideos,
XXXYMovies, Yahoo, Yam, yandexmusic:album, yandexmusic:playlist,
yandexmusic:track, YesJapan, yinyuetai:video, Ynet, YouJizz, youku,
YouPorn, YourUpload, youtube, youtube:channel, youtube:favorites,
youtube:history, youtube:playlist, youtube:playlists, youtube:recommended,
youtube:search, youtube:search:date, youtube:search_url, youtube:show,
youtube:subscriptions, youtube:truncated_id, youtube:truncated_url,
youtube:user, youtube:watchlater, Zapiks, ZDF, ZDFChannel, zingmp3:album,
zingmp3:song, ZippCast
youtube-dl is a small command-line program to download videos from
YouTube.com and other sites that don't provide direct links to the
videos served.

youtube-dl allows the user, among other things, to choose a specific video
quality to download (if available) or let the program automatically
determine the best (or worst) quality video to grab. It supports
downloading entire playlists and all videos from a given user.

Currently supported sites (or features of sites) are:

1up.com, 220.ro, 3sat, 4tube, 56.com, 8tracks, 9gag, AcademicEarth:Course,
AddAnime, anitube.se, Aparat, AppleTrailers, archive.org videos, ARD,
arte.tv, arte.tv:+7, arte.tv:creative, arte.tv:ddc, arte.tv:future,
AUEngine, bambuser, bambuser:channel, Bandcamp, Bandcamp:album, BBC iPlayer,
blinkx, blip.tv:user, BlipTV, Bloomberg, Break, Brightcove, canalc2.tv,
canalplus.fr, CBS, Channel 9, Chilloutzone, Cinemassacre, clipfish,
cliphunter, Clipsyndicate, cmt.com, CNN, CNNBlogs, CollegeHumor,
ComedyCentral, The Daily Show / Colbert Report, Cond? Nast media group: GQ,
Glamour, Vanity Fair, Vogue, W Magazine, WIRED, Criterion, Crunchyroll,
C-SPAN, culturebox.francetvinfo.fr, d8.tv, dailymotion,
dailymotion:playlist, dailymotion:user, daum.net, defense.gouv.fr,
DepositFiles, Discovery, Dotsub, Dropbox, EbaumsWorld, eHow, eitb.tv, El
Pa?s, Escapist, EveryonesMixtape, ex.fm, ExtremeTube, facebook, faz.net,
fernsehkritik.tv, fernsehkritik.tv:postecke, Firstpost.com, ?????????? -
?????? ?????, Flickr, france2.fr:generation-quoi, FranceInter, France 2, 3,
4, 5 and ?, francetvinfo.fr, Freesound, freespeech.org, FunnyOrDie,
Gamekings, GameSpot, Gametrailers, Generic downloader that works on some
sites, Hark, helsinki.fi, HotNewHipHop, Howcast, Huffington Post, Hypem,
ign.com, Internet Movie Database trailers, Internet Movie Database lists,
Ina, InfoQ, Instagram, InternetVideoArchive, IPrima, ivi.ru, ivi.ru
compilations, JadoreCettePub, JeuxVideo, jpopsuki.tv, Jukebox, justin.tv,
Kankan, keek, KeezMovies, KhanAcademy, KickStarter, KontrTube.ru - ?????
?????, la7.tv, LIFE | NEWS, LiveLeak, livestream, livestream:original,
lynda.com videos, lynda.com online courses, m6, MacGameStore trailers,
Malemotion, MDR, metacafe, Metacritic, mixcloud, Mofosex, Mooshare.biz,
MPORA, MTV, mtviggy.com, muzu.tv, MySpace, MySpass, myvideo, Naver, NBA,
NBCNews, NDR.de - Mediathek, NDTV, Newgrounds, National Film Board of
Canada, nhl.com, NHL videocenter category, ?????????, Normalboots,
Novamov, Nowness, NowVideo, Ooyala, ORF, PBS, photobucket, Google Plus,
pluzz.francetv.fr, podomatic, PornHd, PornHub, Pornotube, Pyvideo,
radiofrance, RBMARadio, RedTube, RingTV, RottenTomatoes, Roxwel, RTLnow,
Rutube videos, Rutube channels, Rutube movies, Rutube person videos, Yahoo
screen search (Example: "yvsearchall:purple fish" ), ServingSys, Sina,
Slashdot, Slideshare, Smotri.com, Smotri.com broadcasts, Smotri.com
community videos, Smotri.com user videos, Sohu, soundcloud, soundcloud:set,
soundcloud:user, southpark.de, southparkstudios.com, Space, Spankwire,
Spiegel, Spike, Stanford Open ClassRoom, Statigram, Steam, streamcloud.eu,
StreamCZ, Syfy, SztvHu, Teamcoco, TechTalks, techtv.mit.edu, TED, TF1,
ThePlatform, ThisAV, tinypic.com videos, tou.tv, Trilulilu, Tube8, Tudou,
Tumblr, Tutv, tvp.pl, Unistra, ustream, ustream:channel, Vbox7, VeeHD, Veoh,
?????.Ru, Vevo, Vice, Viddler, Google Video search (Example:
"gvsearch5:falling cat" ), video.mit.edu, VideoDetective, videofy.me,
VideoPremium, viki, vimeo, vimeo:album, vimeo:channel, vimeo:group, Review
pages on vimeo, vimeo:user, Vine, vk.com, Vube.com, wat.tv, Weibo, Wimp,
Wistia, WorldStarHipHop, XHamster, XNXX, XTube, XVideos, Yahoo screen, Yahoo
screen, YouJizz, Youku, YouPorn, YouTube.com, YouTube.com channels,
YouTube.com favourite videos, "ytfav" keyword (requires authentication),
Youtube watch history, "ythistory" keyword (requires authentication),
YouTube.com playlists, YouTube.com recommended videos, "ytrec" keyword
(requires authentication), YouTube.com searches (Example:
"ytsearch10:running tortoise" ), YouTube.com searches, newest videos first
(Example: "ytsearchdateall:falling cat" ), YouTube.com (multi-season) shows,
YouTube.com subscriptions feed, "ytsubs" keyword(requires authentication),
YouTube.com top lists, "yttoplist:{channel}:{list title}" (Example:
"yttoplist:music:Top Tracks"), YouTube.com user videos (URL or "ytuser"
keyword), Youtube watch later list, "ytwatchlater" keyword (requires
authentication), ZDF.
Livestreamer is a Command Line Interface that extracts video
streams from various services and hands them to a video player,
such as VLC. The main purpose of Livestreamer is to allow the
user to avoid buggy and CPU heavy flash plugins but still
be able to enjoy various streamed content.

Currently most of the big streaming services are supported
(e.g. Dailymotion, Livestream, Justin.tv, Twitch, YouTube Live
and UStream) and more specialized content providers can be
added easily using Livestreamer??s plugin system.

```

![](https://screenshots.debian.net/thumbnail/youtube-dlg/)


 **[Homepage](https://rg3.github.com/youtube-dl/
http://rg3.github.com/youtube-dl/)**

### Installed packages

* [youtube-dl](https://packages.debian.org/jessie/youtube-dl) - downloader of videos from YouTube and other sites
* [livestreamer](https://packages.debian.org/jessie/livestreamer) - CLI that pipes video streams to video players
* [libav-tools](https://packages.debian.org/jessie/libav-tools) - Compatibility links for libav-tools (transitional package)

### Related packages

<sub> [get-flash-videos](https://packages.debian.org/jessie/get-flash-videos) [mps-youtube](https://packages.debian.org/jessie/mps-youtube) [cclive](https://packages.debian.org/jessie/cclive) [gnome-twitch](https://packages.debian.org/jessie/gnome-twitch)  </sub>
